Bug Fixes / enhancements from 1.7a to 1.7b
	Last minute bug when users had no worlds... fixed.
Bug Fixes / enhancements from 1.5a to 1.7a
	Added Local Echo option, which toggles wether commands you type are printed in the 
		output window... If your mud is already echoing what you type, disable this option.
	Minor reworking / spell checking of document.
	I think there was this silly message in 1.5a's dialog box, it's fixed now.
	Added Paste File option
	Added Copy from output window, made it automagically pause and unpause, just use left
		mouse button, and it auto-copys when you let up on the mouse button.
	Added Pause Option
	Added Log to File option.
	Changed from sending NL/LF to NL when you hit enter key, was causing probs on some muds.
	Added Command line parameters, format:
		gmud worldname  (connects to the world name) or
		gmud host port	(Adds the world to the world list and connects to the host)
Bug Fixes / enhancements from 1.0c to 1.5a
	Added multiple trigger / macro setups
        moved data file back to GMUD directory
        Added description field to worlds
	Dialogs went through minor rework
	Fixed rare GPF in connect dialog.
	fixed bug causing sound for triggers when no sound was selected.
	lots of little bugs / anomalities fixed
	Minor upgrades to documentation.
	TONS of stuff that I can't remember now...

Bug Fixes / enhancements from 1.0b to 1.0c
	corrupt .rc file left out menu option for showing macro bar.

Bug Fixes / enhancements from 1.0a to 1.0b
	ANSI Color! Yeah :)
	fixed bug allowing you to enter a blank world name.
	fixed bug where name server would fail if there were extra spaces after host name.
	alot more small bugs fixed.
	hopefully not too many bugs introduced with ANSI...

Bug Fixes / enhancements from 0.9b to 1.0a
	Changed file naming convention to GMD32XXx.ZIP
		where XX is major/minor version number, 
		and x is alphabetic bug fix / confidence level release:)
	Added more buttons to the toolbar to represent common GMUD functions.
	Added option to wrap options dialog to indent wrapped lines.
	Fixed a bizzare bug that wouldn't let it save foreground color of black.
	Increased scrollback buffer size to 500 lines.
	Further increased output window speed, and input window response time.

Bug Fixes / enhancements from 0.8a to 0.9b
	fixed another problem with muds that prompt.
	Added connected worlds list, showing which worlds have had activity,
	  and allowing the user to switch between them by clicking on the list.
	fixed bug not allowing numeric addresses.
    Email address of author changed to Entropy@infobahn.icubed.com

Bug fixes / enhancements from 0.7a to 0.8a

	fixed problems with the way some servers implement tabs, and carriage returns.
	fixed minor internal bug with newlines when 2 windows were opened at once.
	fixed problems that might cause spacing to appear strange on certain mud servers.

	It seems that alot of servers do things very differently, and have hidden codes 
	that are supposed to prompt the client for certain information... if you see any
	thing strange with your mud server, or know of any specifications for such hidden
	codes, please forward me a copy or drop me a letter.
	Entropy@infobahn.icubed.com

Bug fixes / enhancements from 0.6a to 0.7a

	fixed problem with logging on to certain servers.

	fixed problem dealing with muds that have single line prompts, 
	where you wouldn't see the prompt because the client was waiting
	for a carriage return.

	major performance improvements to output window scrolling speed.
	    (Should I allow the user to slow down scrolling now?)

	slightly more responsive input window.

Bug fixes / enhancements from 0.5a to 0.6a

	Fixed keyboard buffer arrow key GPF.
	Saves screen wrap preferences.
	Performance / appearance enhancements to output window scrolling.
	Added user selectable text / background color.
